Feature Details

    Initial design

        All pages retain the basic design of the main page, utilising a familiar header and footer design, with updated buttons depending on what
        page the user is on and what options are available to them at the time, depending on their log in status.

        Users should be able to sign up and log in to the system in order to
            Sign up/log in.
                Sign up and Login are placed in the top right hand corner of the page in the header, where a user would expect to find these functions.
                The buttons are rounded and can be clicked to navigate to either page respectively.
                The log in page contains text box inputs for email and password, as well as the helpful 'Don't have an account? Sign up here' link.
                The sign up page contains the text box inputs required for a new user.
            Manage their user information.
                Once logged in, users can access the 'My account' page in the top right, in order to edit their user information.
                Next to the 'My Account' button is the 'Sign Out' in the top right of screen.
            Create a new event.
                The create new event page allows users to input a new event, the details for which are saved and input to the users calandar.
            Generate a link for people without accounts.
                The menu contains an option to 'send and invite' to a new user. Clicking this option allows the current user to generate a link that can be sent to a new user.
                This link dirtects the new user to the 'Sign Up' page. Once signed up they will have the new event they were invited to added to their calandar.
            Specify their availability for an event.
                Events viewed on the calandar may be responded to with an availability option.
            Link their calendar to automatically check their availability.
                Availibility will be checked when responding to events that overlap with existing commitments. If a clash occurs, the user is prompted with a warning, but ultimately
                the user may book multiple events to the same timeslot.
            See times when everyone is available for an event.
                Invitees availability is automatically diplayed when selecting them for an event, so the user can choose to move the time or resolve the time clash.
            Confirm/finalise an event time.
                Confirmation is required when adding an event, or responding to an event. This is done in the form of a simply pop-up window to confirm.
            Add the finalised event to their calendar.
                The finiliised event will automatically appear on the users calandar after either creating the event, or responding. Even 'not attending' responses to events will be
                shown on the users calandar, with a diffrent display setting. They may change their response or remove the event entirely.

        System Admins should be able to log in in order to:
            Manage their user information.
            Manage Users.
            Manage Events.
            Sign-up other Admins.
                When logged in as an admin, the menu will contain a dedicated admin page. This page will include these feature.
                Admins will be able to navigate to the admin page, then select 'all of the above options'.
                From here they may select a user, and can veiw appropriate events or information regarding that user. They can then
                manage information, users, events or sign-up other admins.


            Users should be able to choose to link a social media/email/other account, allowing login via that platform, to make logging in easier.
                This option will appear on the log in page.
            Users without accounts should be able to specify their availability for an event provided by a custom link.
                addressed above

Accessibility
    The following features will be added to the site to improve accessibility and usability for all users
        Set language in the html file as to improve text-to-speech features and search results
        Set all images used to include alternate image text
        The site will be designed for, and tested to be able to use just the keyboard to navigate
        There is currently no plan to include audio on the site but in the case that audio is added, a visual transcript will also be added
        The use of color will not be the only visual means of conveying information
        There will be no background audio
        There will be nothing on any page that flashes more than three times in any one second period
        Meaningful headings and labels will be included for all navigation purposes
